Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com
♪ ♪
Yo, sick!
♪ You think I haven't got a clue? ♪
♪ You think that I'm not on to you? ♪
♪ Yeah, I haven't got a clue ♪
[CHEERING, APPLAUSE]
♪ Don't get it twisted ♪
♪ Don't get it twisted... ♪
MAN: Damn.
[LAUGHTER]
All right, S-K-A...
T. One more miss and you're out.
You ready to lose?
[LAUGHS]
[LAUGHTER]
♪ Don't get it twisted ♪
[CHEERING, APPLAUSE]
♪ Don't get it twisted,
don't get it twisted... ♪
[YELLING]
- [CHEERING, APPLAUSE]
- [SCREAMING]
WOMAN: Are you okay?
MAN: Oh, what the hell?!
Get me out of here!
♪ Don't get it twisted. ♪
♪ Boom, boom, boom, boom ♪
♪ Bang, bang, bang, bang ♪
♪ How, how, how, how ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You gotta come on. ♪
HANNAH: Mark up, goal
side! Come on, Naomi!
Goal side! That's it, Naomi!
That's it! That's it!
Great play!
[LAUGHS] What?
Me?
Don't sit next to me.
- Oh, my gosh.
- [LAUGHS]
Yeah, I take it you've been benched.
Yeah, she gave me the glare.
Oh, she used to be so sweet.
It's only gonna get worse.
[LAUGHS] I know.
RYAN: Hey, uh,
you sure you're okay
with Veronica being here?
Yeah. Oh, come on,
she's your girlfriend.
And, you know, Naomi
can't stop talking about her.
Caffeine for the group.
- Oh...
None for me.
Oh, no, I remember
you don't like coffee,
so I had 'em make you a matcha latte.
But I totally understand
if you don't want it.
No. I do, I do. Thanks.
Thank you.
Baby, you're the absolute best.
- Thank you.
- [PHONE BEEPS]
Work?
Yeah.
Naomi and I have tickets
for the "Mean Girls"
musical this afternoon.
She's gonna be so disappointed.
I'll take her.
You don't mind?
Mind? I wouldn't be surprised
if he committed a crime
against the Navy just so
he could take your place.
[LAUGHS] I know.
Hannah is well aware of my
appreciation for the theater.
Uh, appreciation is an understatement.
RYAN: No, okay.
Let's all stop ganging up on Ryan now.
Uh, yeah, no, I'll take her.
And then just swing by
and pick her up tonight.
Okay.
Um, tell her I'm sorry.
- Sure.
- Okay.
[CHEERING]
COACH: Shake it off,
girls, shake it off.
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
WADE: Good morning, Dwayne.
Loretta. Sebastian.
Hope this didn't interrupt
your weekend plans.
No, brunch doesn't seem
as important by comparison.
So, what do we know about,
uh, Petty Officer Murphy?
Mm, based on body temperature,
I estimate he died around
midnight last night.
Cause of death looks to be a
single gunshot to the chest.
Yeah, usually with gunshots,
there's more blood than this,
so chances are he was
killed somewhere else.
Hey, Pride.
- What you got?
- Uh, the poor kid
who landed in the dumpster
with him got a shock,
but none of them have any
idea how he got there or why.
PRIDE: Murphy have any assignment
likely to get him in trouble?
Uh, he's stationed in
Jacksonville. I'm still waiting
to hear back from his
commanding officer.
♪ Always by your side... ♪
Sebastian, your mother's calling.
- ♪ Forever you can count on me... ♪
- _
SEBASTIAN: That's weird.
Usually our check-ins are on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.
And Sundays.
Hey, Mom, what's up?
Is that really the ringtone for his mom?
Mm-hmm. Sebastian and his mother
are close.
CARTER: Huh. Why does
that not surprise me
- one little bit?
- SEBASTIAN: Which hospital?
- She has to get her appendix taken out.
- Has it burst?
Oh, well, then it's just routine,
Sebastian. There's no need
- to worry about it.
- Well, of course I'm gonna worry, Mom.
And don't pretend that you wouldn't
if the situation was reversed.
PRIDE: You should go. We got this.
Really?
100%.
Got to be there when family needs you.
All right. Thanks, Pride.
Yeah, Mom. Yeah. I'm
leaving right now. Yeah.
I-I got... I got it.
Okay. All right.
I'm on my way.
[PHONE BEEPS]
- What?
- WADE: Those are some nice shoes,
Quentin.
Thanks.
Shame if they got dirty.
Oh, no.
Somebody's got to check
for possible evidence.
And you just got elected.
Oh, no. No.
- [LAUGHS] No... Aw.
- [HUMS HAPPILY]
Look, at least have the
decency, both of you,
to pretend like you're
not enjoying this.
You should've seen the
way she looks at me.
Come on. You remember
what it was like to be 12.
Yeah, but she used to like it
when I gave her pointers.
- Oh, what?
- She did.
I'm just saying, you
get a little enthusiastic
- when it comes to competition.
- Enthusiasm is good.
Um, uh, did I say "enthusiastic"?
I actually meant "frightening".
You ever, you ever asked yourself
why you still haven't been
invited back to Pictionary?
Hey. Hey, the answer
was "Dirty Dancing".
I couldn't have been more clear.
Well, you made Sebastian cry.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Lieutenant Montez. CACO.
Agent Gregorio and Khoury, NCIS.
I'm assuming you'll
handle the notifications?
Yes, and I'll stay and help next of kin
with anything they need.
Any idea why Petty Officer Murphy's wife
lives in New Orleans?
I was only told there
was a family situation.
Okay, well, after you speak with her,
we're gonna need to
ask her some questions.
Of course.
- Hi.
- MONTEZ: Mrs. Murphy?
I'm Lieutenant Montez with
the United States Navy.
No.
May we come in?
[CRYING]
SARAH: Lieutenant Montez
is going to stay with you, Dad.
HANNAH: I hate this part of the job.
Never gets easier.
[QUIETLY] Thanks.
Looks like you got your hands full.
My dad had a massive
stroke a few months back.
His body's failing, but
his mind's still sharp.
Is that what brought you
back here from Jacksonville?
Yeah. We can't afford
nurses most of the time,
so I'm here on my own.
And Brayden flies in to
help on the weekends.
The separation must have
been hard on both of you.
Yeah.
Brayden understood.
This farm's been in my
family for generations.
My dad doesn't have much time,
and it's where he wants us to be.
So, Brayden flew in yesterday?
The Navy's been real supportive,
letting him hop transport
planes space-A.
HANNAH: Did Brayden mention anyone
threatening him recently?
Why would someone threaten him?
I don't know. We're just trying
to figure out what happened.
No.
Not that I ever heard about.
He would've said something.
Well, has he been acting strangely?
He's been stressed.
We both have.
The farm was struggling
before Dad got sick.
[SOBS]
I can't believe he's gone.
You have any idea where
Brayden was last night?
He was supposed to be
flying back to Jacksonville.
In and out in the same day.
He always take such short trips?
I mean, not usually.
You're making it sound like
he did something wrong.
We're just trying to get a clearer
picture of what happened. That's it.
He said he was called back to base.
Brayden was a good man.
The best I've ever known.
He didn't deserve this.
Murphy's C.O. confirms that
he had special dispensation
to fly home on weekends.
HANNAH: But we checked the records.
There was no flights flying
into Jacksonville last night.
Okay, then Murphy lied to his wife
- or she lied to us.
- Mm.
HANNAH: Oh. Someone had a nice morning.
I'd rather not discuss it.
You know, people make really
good money dumpster diving.
Just in case this whole NCIS
thing doesn't work out.
[LAUGHS SARCASTICALLY]
You know, I ruined a perfectly
good suit for nothing.
The only thing that I found
was rotten food, smelly socks,
- and moldy newspapers.
- GREGORIO: And on that
delicious bit of specificity,
the bank just sent
over Sarah's financials.
[HANNAH CHUCKLES]
What, the family farm
was in foreclosure?
Yeah, until someone started making
cash payments on it two weeks ago.
PRIDE: Four payments
of $9,500.
Just small enough to
keep from being flagged.
All from different branches.
Sarah said that they
couldn't afford nursing care.
Where'd they get their hands
on that kind of money?
And why are they trying to
keep it all under the radar?
Well, Murphy worked Fleet
and Family Readiness.
Lot of discretionary funds there.
You think he was skimming
money from his job at the Navy?
I don't know. I'll call Jacksonville,
have them double-check their accounts.
What is this, Casual Fridays?
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS] You got something, P?
Metadata from Murphy's cell
shows it was pinging off this tower
hours before he ended
up in the dumpster.
Well, there's nothing
there around for miles.
- What was he doing out there?
- Whatever it was,
he was there for at least 30 minutes.
Okay, maybe that's the
original crime scene.
Which could be anywhere within
a mile radius of the tower.
How are we gonna narrow that down?
I may or may not have some software
- that could help you out.
- Oh. Is it legal?
It's... proprietary.
PRIDE: Or we could just
use some old-fashioned
shoe leather.
Let's take a drive, Carter.
Call the bank.
Find out who made those payments.
On it.
CARTER: You sure you
checked all the accounts?
All right, thanks.
Murphy's C.O. says no money's missing.
So where'd all that cash come from?
♪ The things that I used to do ♪
♪ Lord, I won't do no more... ♪
You like Guitar Slim?
Would they let you into
New Orleans if you don't?
"Along About Midnight"
or "Bad Luck Blues"?
"Sufferin' Mind".
"Sufferin'..."
Interesting.
♪ Lord, I won't do no more... ♪
[TABLET BLIPPING]
We're here.
CARTER: What was Murphy doing out here?
Well, he didn't shoot himself
and jump into that dumpster,
so meeting someone seems
like the likely answer.
Yeah, but why here?
Carter?
Well, it looks like it ran off the road.
I don't see any shell casings.
No blood.
This might not be our murder site.
Brayden Murphy
might not have died out here.
But someone else did.
♪ ♪
Local PD's on the way
with a forensics unit.
You know, if the driver lost control
and hit this tree...
it could've flipped him right over.
Yeah, you think Murphy was
in the car when it crashed?
Well, Loretta didn't mention any
injuries consistent with that,
but could've been.
I'll pull the registration.
Might give us an ID on the driver.
Whoever he was, he's been dead a while.
What the hell was Murphy
doing out here at all last night?
I don't know,
but he wasn't alone.
Got two sets of footprints.
So... who else was
out here with him?
PATTON: Clay Bledsoe, Sarah's brother.
- She has a brother?
- Made all four payments on the loan.
That is something she
should have mentioned.
He's got a record... joyriding
and petty theft, all
when he was younger.
So maybe she didn't want
to mention it 'cause she was
afraid he had something
to do with Murphy's death.
Sarah's phone's going
straight to voice mail.
Well, the brother could've
been the other person
at the accident scene with Murphy.
Want me to run a trace on his phone?
Yeah, and Sarah's, too. We
need to talk to both of 'em.
What do you have for me, Loretta?
Other than a full house?
Oh, well my initial assessment
on Mr. Murphy was correct.
It's a single gunshot to the chest,
piercing the left atrium.
There's no other signs
of trauma that would
tie him to a car accident.
Anything to help us find
the original crime scene?
The body was too contaminated
from the dumpster
to yield anything useful.
I did, however, find an identity
on the driver of the car you found.
It's a Jace Lennon.
Oh, that's an extensive rap sheet.
Been picked up for possession
of drugs, weapons...
Well, based on decomp, Mr. Lennon
died about two weeks ago
from a crush injury from the crash.
A lot of storms blowing through then.
Could be what caused
him to run off the road.
Hmm. Oh!
Another suit, Agent Carter?
How many of those do you have?
One less than I had this morning.
[PRIDE AND WADE CHUCKLE]
I hope you haven't been
terrorizing my lab techs again.
Uh, no, just motivating them
to process the evidence a little faster.
That get you a lot of
friends in the lab, Marine?
Friends, no.
Results, yes.
- Hundred-dollar bills?
- Mm-hmm.
These were loose on the roof
of the car, on the driver's side.
Both those windows were
still in place, weren't they?
Yes, only the rear passenger
window was knocked out.
- You're thinking someone broke it?
- Could be.
Which might mean these
hundreds weren't alone,
that there were more
in a bag in the back, maybe a lot more.
All right, let's find
out what kind of bills
Clay used to pay off that loan.
Thank you, Loretta.
Mm-hmm.
Always good to see you, Dr. Wade.
Likewise, Agent Carter.
So... the car crashes two weeks ago.
Sometime after that,
Murphy and Clay find it.
Driver's dead, $40,000 in the car.
Right, at least $40K.
Everyone's desperate
to save the family farm,
so they decide to keep it.
Sarah's brother starts paying
down the debt right after that.
But why go back there last night?
Well, actually, Clay's the only one
we know for sure had the money.
Maybe Murphy just found out about it?
Forced Clay to take him
out there to see the car?
Murphy puts two and two together.
Figures our accident
victim was a courier.
Wanted no part of it.
So Clay killed him.
But why not just leave the body?
Why dump it miles away?
[SIGHS]
That's an excellent question,
and not one I have an answer for.
See, that is the difference
between me and you.
I would've never said that out loud.
[CHUCKLES]
GREGORIO: Why didn't
you tell me the girlfriend
was at Naomi's game? Talk
about burying the lede.
I didn't think it was important.
Hey, Patton says GPS on Sarah's
phone puts her within 50 yards.
You didn't think that
this was important?
You still have your divorce
papers sitting in the top
- drawer of your desk.
- Um...
I was looking for a paper clip!
Look, I'm gonna get around to it, okay?
Whoa, whoa, here she is.
HANNAH: What do you think is in the bag?
GREGORIO: Must be the money.
Why is she stopping?
What's she up to?
GREGORIO: Hey, Sarah.
Now's not a good time.
Who's this?
- You said you would come alone.
- I did.
NCIS. I'm gonna need
you to stand up, sir.
[SIGHS]
Hey, stop!
- GREGORIO: Stop!
- Wait! You don't understand
what's happening.
HANNAH: Yeah, I think it's pretty clear.
Come on.
Freeze!
Suspect down!
- What have you done?
- Our jobs.
I got to say, I didn't peg
you for a drug dealer.
I'm not dealing drugs.
I'm trying to save my brother's life!
♪ ♪
Looks like we were right
about our dead guy
in the car being a courier.
Sarah made a lot of bad choices,
but she still doesn't read
like the kind of person who'd
want to be a drug dealer.
Even to make her dad's final
days more comfortable?
Look, I'm with Gregorio.
Her and her husband were
doing everything right.
Maybe they could wrap their
minds around using the money,
but a duffle full of heroin?
I mean, that's a whole other league.
Sarah said, "I was just
trying to save my brother"?
Yeah.
If whoever this belongs
to tracked them down,
odds are they killed Murphy.
Why not kill Clay, too?
I don't know.
But if I was a bad guy,
I wouldn't walk away
from $500,000 worth
of heroin, would you?
That is not mine.
I swear I'd never seen it before.
I found it in the closet
in my father's bedroom.
These people killed your husband.
I know.
They will kill your brother.
You said Clay's in trouble, right?
Well, you want us to believe you,
then you got to tell us everything.
Not long ago, we got
a foreclosure notice on the house.
There wasn't any money to make payments,
so I decided to go to the bank
and beg for more time.
But before I could, the account manager
told me that Clay had made the payments.
Did you ask him where he got the money?
He told me he was out riding his ATV,
and came across this wrecked car.
Money was in the backseat.
In a duffle, he said.
Did you go check it out?
No, I didn't know what
to do, so I told Brayden.
He told Clay we had to return the money.
So they went to the car to try
to figure out who it belonged to, yes?
Yeah, Brayden found
the driver's phone, he
told Clay to go home,
and then he, he must
have set up a meeting.
But Brayden didn't know about the drugs.
Clay never told either of us.
Where's your brother now?
After you left, I got a call.
Some guy saying he'd
kill Clay if I didn't give
them back their stuff.
He wasn't bluffing.
They'd killed Brayden
'cause he showed up without it.
I couldn't just do nothing.
PRIDE: No, you couldn't.
However, since he called you,
it means we can find him.
But you're gonna have to help.
- Hello.
- Hey.
- Oh, my God, Mom.
Did you have a good time at the show?
It was amazing, like, the best ever.
- Yeah?
- I have to tell you, Hannah,
I never really got musical theater,
but I'm a convert.
Those songs are catchy.
Did you finish packing?
I think.
So no?
- Yeah.
- Get in there.
- Okay.
- Come on, I'll help.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry, I should have told you, but
I got called into work,
emergency faculty meeting.
- On a Saturday?
- Yeah, on a Saturday.
Naomi really wanted to
go, so Veronica took her.
I'm not really sure that I'm
comfortable with our daughter
hanging out with some woman.
Her name's Veronica.
And I thought you liked her.
Yeah, whether or not
I like her is irrelevant.
Look, you ran your background checks.
You know she's a good person.
So you get to just throw
all the ground rules
- right out the window?
- [LAUGHTER]
Hi. What's so funny?
You had to be there, Dad.
Oh, Hannah, can I pour you
- a glass of wine or...?
- No, no, no.
- We should get going.
- RYAN: It's all right.
I'm, uh, I'm tired anyway.
Give me a hug.
VERONICA: We had the best time.
You've got a great girl there.
Yeah.
Yeah, we can agree on that.
- Okay, see you.
- See you later. Have fun.
- Bye.
- Bye, Dad.
- See ya. Bye.
- Later, Veronica.
Yep.
[SIGHS]
♪ ♪
GREGORIO: Hey, pumpkin. How's your mom?
[SIGHS] Oh, you know...
the surgery went well,
so she's back to her...
old self.
Oh? Is that why you're hiding out
in what appears to be a closet?
Yeah. I've, uh, recently been
reminded of why I had put
some distance between the two of us.
Come on. Pride wants us ready to roll
as soon as they have an address.
I'm always ready, Carter.
Hey. Go easy on your mother.
All right?
It's just, she's so bossy, you know?
Like you, when you
have a little tiny cold.
But your mother just had major surgery.
Uh, first of all, I had the flu, okay?
And second of all, she
had laparoscopic surgery.
All right, whatever.
Just send your mother my love.
And do yourself a favor,
be a good, supportive son, okay?
I just need you to be a good, suppor...
[CHUCKLES] Family's tough.
Yeah. Love 'em or hate 'em,
depending on the day.
Well, sometimes both at the same time.
Yeah.
PRIDE: Sarah.
You remember what to say?
Yes. [SNIFFLES]
But I'm not sure if I can do this.
Listen, you just need to
keep him on the phone
for a couple of seconds.
[TAKES DEEP BREATH]
[WHISPERS] Ready?
Ready.
You ready?
Y-Yes.
[BREATH TREMBLES]
[LINE RINGS]
LUKE: Yeah?
What's going on?
I did what you said.
Then why don't I have my stuff?
I've been waiting in the park
for hours, and your guy isn't here.
You called the cops, didn't you?
No, I didn't!
I've been calling him,
and he hasn't answered!
I don't know where he is,
but I'm here on the bench.
If you want me
to do something else,
just tell me what to do.
Sarah!
Clay?
Look, I don't know what kind of
game you're playing at here...
I'm not. Please don't hurt my brother.
...but you're not gonna
like how it turns out.
[BEEP]
[DIAL TONE]
You said
he'd want to set another meet.
You just did.
Got an address?
109 South Church Street.
That's my house.
- He's at my house!
- All right, Patton,
you monitor from here.
I'll have Roy watch Sarah.
- You got it.
- I'm going with you.
No. It's too dangerous.
Please. I need to know my dad's okay.
I promise you
I'll do everything we can
to take care of your family.
Sarah.
I know you're scared,
but if there's anybody I'd trust
to take care of my family,
it's Dwayne Pride.
[QUIETLY] All right,
we need to move with caution.
Have to assume that whoever
has Clay is still in there.
- Probably heavily armed.
- Let's split up.
Gregorio and I will take the back.
Okay.
[PANTING]
Breach.
NCIS.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING IN DISTANCE]
[MUFFLED GRUNTING CONTINUES]
We're law enforcement.
You're safe.
Thank God.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Are you okay?
[PANTING]
There's no sign of anyone.
We're too late.
♪ ♪
Hey.
How's Sarah's dad?
We took him to the hospital.
He's in stable condition.
- And the aide?
- Traumatized, but they
didn't physically harm her.
She said Clay and his captors arrived
in a black truck.
I got Patton looking into it now.
Was she able to identify
- any names or descriptions?
- GREGORIO: Nothing useful.
The guys were wearing masks.
But she did say that Clay
insisted that his sister had the drugs
and that she'd be back to return them.
Yeah, clearly, they weren't buying that.
They tore the house apart.
The lab actually ID'd the guy
that she was meeting at the park.
[BEEPING]
Blaine Osborne.
Rap sheet goes back 15 years.
I'll cross-reference Osborne
with our dead driver
Jace Lennon and start
running known associates.
PRIDE: I'll check back in
with Patton, see how he's doing
finding that black truck.
- Find anything?
- Too much.
Turns out the only traffic
cam out by that farm
is at a major intersection.
You know how many black
trucks pass through that way?
Sarah's brother may not
have that much time.
Ah.
Send me half.
You're just running
registrations, right?
Yeah, I am.
I'm not sure how I feel
about you driving in my lane.
Well, imagine how you're gonna feel
when I find these guys before you do.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
It's on.
- Hey, guys. What'd I miss?
- HANNAH: Hey, Sebastian.
I didn't expect you back so soon.
- Well.
- How's your mom?
GREGORIO: Don't tell me you left her
- at the hospital.
- No, actually,
I-I took your advice and hung with her
the whole time, till she
insisted that I leave.
- Didn't see that one coming, huh?
- Yeah, well,
I guess Janice told her
she has to work on her
codependency issues.
Who's Janice?
Her new "therapist".
GREGORIO: Well, your timing's
perfect, because I was just about
to take these flowers that I found
at Sarah's house to
the lab for analysis.
The men who have Clay
tracked it in on their shoes.
Well, luckily for you guys, I was
top in my class in forensic botany.
- Oh.
- Aha.
- Stumped?
- Papaver somniferum.
Opium poppies.
They're growing poppies?
Yeah, except they don't grow in the wild
down here, so they must be cultivated.
You'd need a lot of space
for an operation like that.
Secluded land, preferably,
to fly under the DEA's radar.
- All right, I'll tell Pride.
- Yeah.
You know, botany's one of the
more underrated of the sciences.
You'd be surprised at
how fascinating it is.
Huh.
I would indeed.
GREGORIO: Hey.
May have found something.
So, the evidence
from Sarah's house indicates
the guys may have been in a poppy field.
You lose, sucka!
PRIDE: Okay.
It was a friendly competition.
- What you got, P?
- Okay, found a black truck registered
to Peter Shaw... no stranger
to the criminal justice system.
GREGORIO: Any connection
to a Blaine Osborne or Jace Lennon?
[TYPING]
Shaw and Osborne, they
both were moving oxy
out of clinics in Century City
seven or eight years ago.
- Mm-hmm?
- Then Osborne got pinched.
GREGORIO: Pride.
You know this guy?
Yeah.
He's wanted in connection
with... a bombing
- back in 2015.
- The Marine Relief Gala.
That bomb was meant for you.
Shaw tried to kill you?
He was working for a woman
we believe bankrolled
the operation, though...
we were never able to prove it.
[TYPING]
PATTON: Sasha Broussard.
Should I know who that is?
It was back before your time here.
When the Italian mob got run out of town
in the '90s, the Broussard syndicate
swept in to fill the void.
Sasha was behind it all.
Eventually, Pride put
her where she belongs:
behind bars.
Where you going, Pride?
See if I can get some answers.
[LOCK BUZZES, LATCH CLICKS]
Dwayne.
- Been a long time, Sasha.
- Oh,
4 years, 10 months and 24
days, but who's counting?
You should know I've advised
my client that this meeting
- is not in her best interests.
- But how could I
say no to you?
Foxy, sit.
- Down.
- [WHINES SOFTLY]
Stay.
Training service dogs?
Must be trying hard to win points
- with the parole board.
- Oh.
You have always assumed
the worst about me, Dwayne.
Not till you gave me
good reason to.
Listen, before you say whatever it is
that you came here to say...
I'm sorry.
I know it doesn't mean much...
You're right.
...but I have been
waiting a really long time
to say it.
I'm a different woman
than the one that you
knew five years ago.
You'll forgive me if I don't
take your word for that.
Well, okay, well... you...
l-let me prove it to you.
What do you need?
You know these men?
Oh, yeah.
That's Pete Shaw and...
Blaine something or other.
- They work for you?
- Pete once or twice,
maybe, but not this one.
Um, no, they were mostly Luke's guys.
Luke who?
Doucet. My cousin.
Who is a real mean son of a bitch.
What did he do?
Kidnapping, murder.
Dealing heroin.
I need to find him.
Oh... but I've been out
of the life for years.
You want to prove to me
how much you've changed?
Then think. Anything...
that might point me
in the right direction.
Uh... Well, you said heroin?
- Ms. Broussard.
- Right, right.
Of course, I have no direct knowledge
about anything like that,
but hypothetically speaking,
Luke would need a distribution contact.
Actually, we believe that he
may be growing opium poppies
and manufacturing his own heroin.
Okay, well, then,
he would need a lot
of acres, wouldn't he?
Um, somewhere out of the way,
where the poppies
weren't easily spotted?
You know where he is.
Actually,
a letter from you,
Agent Pride, attesting
to my client's help and rehabilitation
would go a long way in making
things more comfortable
- for her in here.
- I don't even know
- if she's got anything useful.
- My family
owns land that fits the bill.
And Luke definitely knows about it.
So the question on
the table is, how badly
do you want to know
where to find Luke Doucet?
[SIGHS]
[FOXY WHINING]
HANNAH: Sebastian's still at
the roadblock waiting for DEA.
They're about ten minutes out.
Well, if Clay's in there,
we can't wait that long.
Yeah, Doucet's gonna want to protect
his investment at all costs.
Guards inside.
PRIDE: And outside.
We're gonna have to time
our entrance carefully.
How do you want to play this?
They got doors at the
south and west sides.
Khoury and I will take the south.
You and I will go west.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
LUKE [IN DISTANCE]: You and that
sister of yours must think I'm stupid!
CLAY: No, I don't. I-I don't think that.
LUKE: Then how do we find
ourselves in this situation?
CLAY: I-I don't know
what you want me to say.
LUKE: Start telling the truth!
CLAY: I am! I... I swear!
LUKE: Last chance. Where's my stuff?
CLAY: My sister's got the bag.
She'll give it to you.
LUKE: Except she hasn't!
Maybe she needs some motivation, hmm?
Unless you're hiding a half mil
in heroin someplace on you.
Huh?
I didn't think so.
[GUNSHOT]
NCIS!
Hands in the air!
♪ ♪
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
Freeze, Doucet.
Stop! Don't move!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Hey, you okay?
Just get me out of here.
I can't yet.
Stay low to the ground.
Need a little help here, guys.
SEBASTIAN: We're coming in now.
Doucet's getting away.
I got this.
[SCREAMS]
Drop it.
AGENT: DEA!
[SHOUTING]
Hands on your head.
Down! Down!
Turn around. Come on.
Hands on your head.
Good shooting.
[EXHALES] Thanks.
[GATE CLOSES]
Clay.
Is Dad okay?
Yes.
He'll be glad you're safe.
I wanted to fix things, Sarah.
Make sure Dad could stay in the house.
I know.
I didn't mean for any of this to happen.
For Brayden to get...
I'm so sorry.
DEA needs to take him now.
[GATE OPENS]
I don't know if I can get over this.
Forgive him.
Maybe, maybe not.
But you need to take
care of your dad now.
Time will take care of everything else.
- [CRYING]
- It's okay.
It's all right.
[INSECTS CHIRPING]
[UNLOCKS DOOR]
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
[CHUCKLES] Come in.
Thanks.
Uh... Veronica here?
No, no. She's out, but, um...
I'm glad you're here,
'cause there's-there's
something I want to say to you.
Yeah, I wanted to say
something to you, too. Um...
I'm-I'm sorry about yesterday.
I'm not here to talk about yesterday.
I mean, I didn't love
your decision, but I...
- I may have overreacted.
- No.
No, I should have, uh,
I should have asked you
about Veronica first.
Sorry.
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
[SIGHS]
This year has been really hard.
With Van Cleef getting
NCIS to censure me,
being demoted, us.
You handled everything beautifully.
By letting life happen around me.
[EXHALES]
Here.
Divorce papers.
I signed them.
Why now?
Just been stuck.
I... felt like
it was time to do something, you
know, take control of my life
where I can.
Plus... Veronica's...
she's great, and I can see that now.
Yeah, we're-we're very happy.
So is Naomi.
I guess I just needed
to see that you were gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay, too.
So, uh...
So, this is it.
You know I'll...
You know I'll always love you.
Me, too.
[LOCK BUZZES, LATCH CLICKS]
Dwayne, well, how'd it go?
Did you get Luke?
Yep. But you're gonna lose
that nice piece of property.
[CHUCKLES] I always did
think that Luke was a jerk.
Uh, your people are okay?
Everyone's whole.
I'm so glad. The last
thing that you need
is another Broussard
hurting people you love.
Letter y'all asked for.
Whoa.
It's not very long.
Couldn't fit a few more nice
things about me in here?
You asked for a commendation.
I gave it to you.
Yes, and I appreciate it. Uh... Dwayne.
Dwayne.
Do you ever wonder what could
have happened between us
if I had cleaned my
act up years earlier?
[LOCK BUZZES, LATCH CLICKS]
Not for a moment.
Take care, Sasha.
See you around.
[DOOR CLOSES]
This should be enough to
get your sentence reduced.
What now?
Get me out of here.
Dwayne Pride and I have
unfinished business.
Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com